Description	This scenario describes how a member of a society would go about using the app to book a room for an event.

1 - User opens the app and clicks "Sign up" to create an account 
2 - User fills out their information and hits "Create account"
3 - User logs in using their new account information.
4 - User Selects "View Available Listings" to find out about rooms they can book.
5 - After selecting, the user returns to the home screen and selects "Request a Room"
6 - User fills out their event information and hits "Submit Request"
7 - User returns to the home menu and selects "View My Bookings"
8 - User is shown the status of each of their bookings presently.

Termination outcome - Event Booking Request has been submitted.


sample admin account: brian@test.com password: test12
sample user account: dog@tcd.ie password: password
 
Approving a booking
. When a user creates a booking it is added to the database and needs to be approved.
. Bookings can only be approved by Admin users.
. Admin users can go to the bookings page and see all pending bookings.
. Admins can expand the Booking Details and Contact Details to decide if they want to approve or deny the booking.
. The Admin can then click either Approve or Deny, or the dot menu to delete the booking entirely, approving or denying a booking can be changed at any time.
. If the Admin wants to give feedback to the person who made the booking they can fill out the Feedback box.

Viewing Pending bookings
. A user who has made a booking can view their pending bookings to see if they have been approved or denied and view the feedback
. If the booking has been approved the user will have the options to create an event from the booking.
. Events automatically use all of the details of the booking to create and event other users can subscribe to.

Events
The Events page lets users view Events that they can subscribe to for info and to attend
. When a user views the Events page the default view is all events, this shows all upcoming events.
. Users can switch to see events they have already subscribed to or events they are hosting.
. If a user wants to attend and event they can clikc the "going" button.
. Users can view a list of all users attending the event
